README.md, before:

# from starting of my code
1. -create-react-app netflix-GPT
2. -remove unwanted files
3. - configure tailwindCSS
   - routing
4. - header
5. - login form
6. - sign up form
7. - I have Commite my code here

8. - i have done the validation of sign in & sign up form
9. - move to the authentication part , using google firebase for that
10. - npm i google firebase
11. - setup the fibase , firebase.js
12. - deploy the app
      - set up the firebase login
      - change the restricted powershell to remotesigned (in powershell as a administrater window)
      - then in vs code command :-firebase login
      - firebase init
         - choose this option :- Hosting: Configure files for  
           Firebase Hosting and (optionally) set up GitHub Action deploys
         -  Use an existing project
         -  select this project  Using project netflixgpt-8999f (NetFlixGPT)
         -  What do you want to use as your public directory? build
         -  ? Configure as a single-page app (rewrite all urls to /index.html)? No
         -  ? Set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub? 
13. - Create sign up user account in firebase
14. - impliment sign in user api authentication 
15. - create redux store for add and remove the user
16. - sign up && sign in && Sign out complete
17. - update sign up      


# Features

- Login/sign Up
    - Sign In / Sign Up Form
    - redirect to brawser page
 
- Browser (after authentication)
   - Header
   - main movie
       - Trailer in background
       - title & discription 
       - Movie suggestions
          - Movie list * N

- NetFlixGPT 
   - search Bar
   - movie suggestions


# rafce - to make code boiler plate

Commit message:

mainContainer && fetchMoviedata && video bg && style

README.md, after:

# from starting of my code
1. -create-react-app netflix-GPT
2. -remove unwanted files
3. - configure tailwindCSS
   - routing
4. - header
5. - login form
6. - sign up form
7. - I have Commite my code here

8. - i have done the validation of sign in & sign up form
9. - move to the authentication part , using google firebase for that
10. - npm i google firebase
11. - setup the fibase , firebase.js
12. - deploy the app
      - set up the firebase login
      - change the restricted powershell to remotesigned (in powershell as a administrater window)
      - then in vs code command :-firebase login
      - firebase init
         - choose this option :- Hosting: Configure files for  
           Firebase Hosting and (optionally) set up GitHub Action deploys
         -  Use an existing project
         -  select this project  Using project netflixgpt-8999f (NetFlixGPT)
         -  What do you want to use as your public directory? build
         -  ? Configure as a single-page app (rewrite all urls to /index.html)? No
         -  ? Set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub? 
13. - Create sign up user account in firebase
14. - impliment sign in user api authentication 
15. - create redux store for add and remove the user
16. - sign up && sign in && Sign out complete
17. - update sign up   
18. - bugfix of sign up and profile picture update 
19. - bugfix :-if my user is not log in so redirect to the log in page only and  vise-varsa
20. - bugfix :- we unsubcribe to the onAuthstate change callback
21. - constant value to the harcoded value
22. - register in tmdb api , create app and register app
23. - made api call for now playing movie
24. - planning for main container and secondary container
25. - featch data for trailer video
26. - custom hook for nowplaying movies
27. - updated the store with a video trailer
28. - embeded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
29. - make main container look awsome



# Features

- Login/sign Up
    - Sign In / Sign Up Form
    - redirect to brawser page
 
- Browser (after authentication)
   - Header
   - main movie
       - Trailer in background
       - title & discription 
       - Movie suggestions
          - Movie list * N

- NetFlixGPT 
   - search Bar
   - movie suggestions


# rafce - to make code boiler plate
